-- 6/12 8:11 PM Vitaliy --
Can't seem to reach Alex or Tru by text so if you guys read this please get back to me. I have the
the project at the point where the memory trace is going to work, but only with one CPU. Having
worked on this I've realized that we need to redesign the program a bit. So I'm gonna leave it at
this for today, and work on it tomorrow morning. I don't know how much time I'll have tomorrow or
Sunday, but I'll have a few hours in the morning to work on it. Getting multiple CPUs to work is
the hard part, and is why I think we need to change a few things about how we're going about with
the program. I started working on MainSystem, however I'm going to scrap it because it's really
messy.

--6/13 4:34 PM Alex --
I didnt get the group texts, but i did get the individual texts. Let me know which part to focus on.
I suggest we make up a TO-DO list with everything that needs doing, and everything that is already done
so that we dont step on each other's toes.
EDIT- Just read over vitaliy's work. HOLY FUCK. You are a genius. So beautiful.

--6/13 4:47 PM Vitaliy --
Lol it's gonna be tough to get multiple CPUs to work though with the way it's done right now. So we
have to make some changes on how the Caches interface with the CPUs and the System. I'm working on
something that I'll upload shortly.

--6/13 5:16 PM Alex --
Ok, sounds good. Any word from tru or andy?

-- 6/13 8:15 PM Vitaliy --
I talked to Andy yesterday, but haven't heard anything from Tru at all. We should figure out a better 
way of talking, using a text file on github is kinda awkward lol.

--6/13 8:27 PM Alex --
Unfortunately, With my shitty phone coverage, this is the best way to gaurentee i see a message. That, and it leaves a paper 
showing we tried contacting tru. I hope he's okay. So i just tryed submitting a change, and it said you had modified the 
file i was changing, so my changes were made into a branch. They were mostly just javadocs anyways, but if you see
the new branch, thats what thats about. I dont know how to merge them, or even if its worth it since everything is changed anyway.

-- 6/13 8:45 PM Vitaliy --
I'm gonna go ask my bro if we can use his IRC server, I'll let you know in a bit. About that, I saw your changes,
the reason why it said that is because I changed the Cache class, and I committed after you changed the Memory class.
So it merged my changes to Cache and your changes to Memory into a single repository. Your changes to Memory should still be
there, as well as my changes to Cache.

-- 6/13 8:50 PM Vitaliy --
Nvm I set up a server on freenode, the channel is called ##cache-project

-- 6/14 3:26 PM Vitaliy --
So I know we wanted to do this as a group project, but evidently that didn't work out. I think this is mostly due to the fact
that we had finals week smack in the middle of the project - and this project is so complex that it requires critical planning
and a complete understanding of the requirements. Because of finals, we didn't get a chance to properly meet and figure out 
how we will be doing this project. So, I will try to finish the project myself, and you guys do the same (use what I have so far). 
When everyone is done, we'll compare and contrast as we have for the previous projects.

--6/13 8:27 PM Alex --
I've tried my best to stay in contact, but it's tough with this shitty cell service. I understand the work you've posted so far,
but what's missing? It all looks good to me, minus some testing. I'm using the work you've posted as a spring board, since 
you figured out the general structure (I would have had no idea how to do the "Modified" "Exclusive" "Shared" and "invalid", and
Im still not quite sure i get it.) From what i can tell, it's just systembus that needs finishing? Also, the channel ##cache-project 
is empty.
--6/13 10:19 PM Alex --
Soo midnight is rapidly approaching. I've kind of hit a brick wall on my end, as I dont really understand the "requestOwnership" method.
I've continued updating my work here on github, so what you see is what you get.I dont know really how to progress now,
as communication seems to be shot. At 11:55pm, if ive not heard from you vitaliy, I'll
turn this version in. I kind of assume you've made more progress than I. You've carried this project hard thus far
and for that I am sorry. I've done what I could, but I struggle to understand how the multicore system works. 
As for Tru and Andy, I'll do whatever you choose.

-- 6/15 7:40 AM Vitaliy --
I actually emailed him yesterday asking him if its fine to turn it in Monday night instead, and he said that that sounds good
with him. I'm about to finish SystemBus, and otherwise the project will be done. So if you did turn it in, just let him know
that that's not the final version and that I can turn in the final version on Canvas in a few hours.
